[Refactor] : Added documentation for Array Concept. (#49)
exercism/cairo: concepts/arrays/about.md

- arr.get(index) allows you to fetch an item at a specific position (index) in the array.
- It returns an Option, which means:
  Some(value): If the item exists at index, it gives you the value of that item.
  None: If the index is out of bounds or doesn't exist in the array.
- This method is ideal when you want to handle cases where the index might be invalid without causing your program to crash.

```rust
fn main() {
    // Create an array to hold unsigned 128-bit integers
    let mut arr = ArrayTrait::<u128>::new();

    // Add an element to the array
    arr.append(18);

    // Define the index to access (change this to see different results)
    let index_to_access = 1;

    // Use match to handle the result of accessing the element at the specified index
    match arr.get(index_to_access) {
        Some(value) => {
            // Print the value if the element exists at the index
            println!("Element at index {}: {}", index_to_access, *value);
        },
        None => {
            // Panic with a message if the index is out of bounds
            panic!("Index {} is out of bounds!", index_to_access);
        }
    }
}
```

### 2. Using at() Method:

> The `at()` method directly gives you a snapshot of the element at a specific index using the `unbox()` operation to extract the stored value from the box. If you try to access an index that doesn't exist (out-of-bounds), the program will panic with an error. This method is useful when you want your program to stop if it encounters an unexpected situation like accessing an invalid index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `at()` method, as well as its equivalent the subscriptor operator, directly give you a snapshot of the element at a specific index using the `unbox()` operation to extract the stored value from the box. If you try to access an index that doesn't exist (out-of-bounds), the program will panic with an error. This method is useful when you want your program to stop if it encounters an unexpected situation like accessing an invalid index.
```
Let's merge the `at()` method example with the subscriptor operator example, see https://github.com/cairo-book/cairo-book/pull/861/files#diff-8f38abc2e0eb61af4e7ea66d4dafaf8171c6e801947209b453eb81b677156b64

    let first = *a.at(0);  // Access element at index 0
    let second = *a.at(1); // Access element at index 1

    // Now `first` will be 0 and `second` will be 1

}
```

# Removing Array Elements

The only way to remove elements from an array in Cairo is from the front. This operation is facilitated by the pop_front() method, which removes and returns the first element of the array.

Let's walk through an example to illustrate how this works:

```
fn main() {
    // Assume we have an array-like structure called `ArrayTrait`
    let mut a = ArrayTrait::new();

    // Add some elements to the array
    a.append(10);
    a.append(1);
    a.append(2);

    // Remove the first element from the front of the array
    let first_value = a.pop_front().unwrap(); // `unwrap()` is used to get the value from `Option`

    // Print the removed value
    println!("The first value is {}", first_value);
}

```

The `pop_front()` method is used to remove the first element from the front of the array. In this case, 10 is removed.

`pop_front()` returns an Option. This allows for handling situations where the array might be empty (though not shown explicitly here).

> `unwrap()` is used here assuming the array isn't empty, directly retrieving the value of the removed element (10). In real-world scenarios, error handling would typically be more robust.

Reviewer: A couple of additional sections are necessary:
- add a short description of size-related methods
- add a section about the `array!` macro
- describe `Span` struct

> }

Reviewer: Instead of a comment stating `` // Now `first` will be 0 and `second` will be 1``, write 2 `println` statements printing the values

```

> When using the subscripting operator arr[index] instead of arr.at(index), it's essential to explicitly specify the element type of the array. Failure to do so will result in compilation errors.

Reviewer: This might have been true before, but is no longer the case. The following will now compile:
```rust
    let mut a = ArrayTrait::new();
    a.append(0);
    a.append(1);

    let first = a[0];
    let second = a[1];
```
Update the sentence to only introduce the example that follows it.

```rust
fn main() {
    // Assuming Array<felt252> is a custom type supporting dynamic resizing

>     let mut a = Array::<felt252>::new(); // Creating a new instance of Array<felt252>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    let mut a = ArrayTrait::<felt252>::new(); // Creating a new instance of Array<felt252>
```
Missed to use the full trait name
